Changes related to the rebranding (#656)
meilisearch/instant-meilisearch: README.md

  ⚠️ Meilisearch is not designed for pagination and this can lead to performances issues, so the usage of the pagination widget is not encouraged. However, the `paginationTotalHits` parameter lets you implement this pagination with less performance issue as possible: depending on your dataset (the size of each document and the number of documents) you might decrease the value of `paginationTotalHits`.<br>
  More information about Meilisearch and the pagination [here](https://github.com/meilisearch/documentation/issues/561).
- `primaryKey` (`undefined` by default): Specify the field in your documents containing the [unique identifier](https://docs.meilisearch.com/learn/core_concepts/documents.html#primary-field). By adding this option, we avoid instantSearch errors that are thrown in the browser console. In `React` particularly, this option removes the `Each child in a list should have a unique "key" prop` error.

## Example with InstantSearch

The open-source [InstantSearch](https://www.algolia.com/doc/api-reference/widgets/js/) library powered by Algolia provides all the front-end tools you need to highly customize your search bar environment.

> InstantSearch requires that you provide an indexName. The indexName corresponds to the [index `uid`](https://docs.meilisearch.com/learn/core_concepts/indexes.html#indexes) in which your document are stored in Meilisearch.

Reviewer: Since we changed for `instant-meilisearch` in the line 60, should we change here and in the other places as well?

Reviewer 2: Those are two different entities 
`instant-meilisearch` is the client where `Meilisearch` is the engine. The documents are stored in Meilisearch through instantMeilisearch Client

Provides all the data and functions from the widgets.

> It works only on widgets that are compatible with instantMeilisearch.

Reviewer: Following that idea here should be `instant-meilisearch` ?

Reviewer 2: Yes! Here you are right :) 
```suggestion
It works only on widgets that are compatible with `instant-meilisearch`.
```
